= Evil Dango

== Description

Evil Dango is a small Ruby application that can extract torrent tickets from 'torrentpier'-enabled sites.
It fetches a ticket with a predefined account and replaces the initial passkey with the new defined one.

== Requirements

* Ruby 1.8.6 or later

=== Dependencies

* sinatra (version 0.9.4 or later)
* mechanize (version 0.9.3 or later)

=== Extra Development Dependencies

* hoe (version 2.5.0 or later)

== Installation

=== Gem Installation

The preferred method of installation is through the _Gem_ file. For this you will need to have *RubyGems* installed.
You can install the application and all its dependencies with the following command:

    gem install edango

Now you need to add at least one account specifications to the application configuration file.
This can be done with the +-s+ or +--site+ flags passed with the specs to the application starter script.

    edango --site "URL_REGEX, TICKET_LINK_REGEX, PASSKEY[, LOGIN:PASSWORD[, LOGIN_URL]]"

=== Other Installation Methods

You can clone, download or whatever else to get the application package from the *github*.
In this case you need to use +edango+ script directly from the +bin+ directory and you
need to resolve all application dependencies manually.

== Application Usage

1. Start EDango with the following command:

    edango

   You will see something similar to this:

    EDango has started
    == Sinatra/0.9.4 has taken the stage on 6666 for production with backup from WEBrick

2. Now point you browser to http://127.0.0.1:6666.
   Do not forget to specify the correct port provided to you by the program on the first step.

3. Proceed with the instructions in your browser.

The server can be stopped with a +Ctrl-C+ keyboard combination.

== Command Line Usage

The list of command line options can be obtained from the EDango executable by one of the following calls:

    edango -h
    edango --help

== Application Directory

<em>.edango</em> is a default application directory that can be usually found under
a path specified either in the +EDANGO_USER_BASE+ or in the +HOME+ environmental variable.

=== Application Directory Structure

    .edango
    |-logs
    |-tickets

+.edango+ - contains all configuration files

+logs+ - contains application and server log files

+tickets+ - contains all extracted tickets

== Development

=== Source Repositories

EDango is currently hosted at RubyForge and GitHub.

The RubyForge page
* http://rubyforge.org/projects/edango

The github web page
* http://github.com/toksaitov/edango

The public git clone URL
* http://github.com/toksaitov/edango.git

== Contact Information

Author:: Toksaitov Dmitrii Alexandrovich <toksaitov.d@gmail.com>

== License

(The GNU General Public License)

EDango - torrent ticket extractor.
Copyright (C) 2010 Toksaitov Dmitrii Alexandrovich

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
